c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.dll
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.pdb
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\obj\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\obj\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\obj\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.dll
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\obj\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.pdb
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\obj\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.View.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\obj\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.View.LoginPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\obj\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.dll.config
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\obj\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.dll.mdb
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.dll.mdb
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\obj\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.dll.mdb
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.dll.mdb
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\obj\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.dll.mdb
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.dll.mdb
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\obj\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.dll.mdb
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.dll.mdb
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\obj\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.dll.mdb
C:\Users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\XamOrderM8_Barman\bin\Debug\XamOrderM8_Barman.dll.mdb
